README.md, before:

# Prompt Variable Expander

A simple web application that allows users to create dynamic prompt templates with variables and easily fill them in to generate expanded prompts.

## Features

- **Multiple Variable Formats**: Supports `{{variable}}`, `{variable}`, and `$variable` syntax
- **Dynamic Form Generation**: Automatically creates input fields for detected variables in order of appearance
- **Real-time Expansion**: Updates the expanded prompt as you type
- **Copy to Clipboard**: One-click copying of the final expanded prompt
- **Responsive Design**: Works on desktop and mobile devices
- **GitHub Pages Ready**: Pure HTML/CSS/JS with no build process required

## Usage

1. **Enter Your Template**: Paste or type your prompt template in the "Prompt Template" textarea
2. **Use Variables**: Include variables using any of these formats:
   - `{{variable_name}}` - Double curly braces
   - `{variable_name}` - Single curly braces  
   - `$variable_name` - Dollar sign prefix
3. **Fill Variables**: Input fields will automatically appear for each detected variable
4. **Copy Result**: Click "Copy to Clipboard" to copy the expanded prompt

## Example

**Template:**
```
Hello {{name}}, welcome to {platform}! Your account balance is $balance.
```

**Variables Detected:**
- `name`
- `platform` 
- `balance`

**Expanded Result:**
```
Hello John, welcome to GitHub! Your account balance is $150.
```

## Hosting on GitHub Pages

1. Create a new repository on GitHub
2. Upload these files to the repository
3. Go to Settings → Pages
4. Select "Deploy from a branch" and choose your main branch
5. Your app will be available at `https://yourusername.github.io/repository-name`

## Browser Support

Works in all modern browsers that support:
- ES6 Classes
- Async/Await
- Clipboard API (with fallback for older browsers)

## Files

- `index.html` - Main application structure
- `style.css` - Responsive styling and design
- `script.js` - Variable detection and dynamic form functionality
- `README.md` - This documentation

Commit message:

cc: ok. I'll use prompt-expander.github.io make it consistent. Update anything necessary in the project.

README.md, after:

# Prompt Variable Expander

A simple web application that allows users to create dynamic prompt templates with variables and easily fill them in to generate expanded prompts.

## Features

- **Multiple Variable Formats**: Supports `{{variable}}`, `{variable}`, and `$variable` syntax
- **Dynamic Form Generation**: Automatically creates input fields for detected variables in order of appearance
- **Real-time Expansion**: Updates the expanded prompt as you type
- **Copy to Clipboard**: One-click copying of the final expanded prompt
- **Responsive Design**: Works on desktop and mobile devices
- **GitHub Pages Ready**: Pure HTML/CSS/JS with no build process required

## Usage

1. **Enter Your Template**: Paste or type your prompt template in the "Prompt Template" textarea
2. **Use Variables**: Include variables using any of these formats:
   - `{{variable_name}}` - Double curly braces
   - `{variable_name}` - Single curly braces  
   - `$variable_name` - Dollar sign prefix
3. **Fill Variables**: Input fields will automatically appear for each detected variable
4. **Copy Result**: Click "Copy to Clipboard" to copy the expanded prompt

## Example

**Template:**
```
Hello {{name}}, welcome to {platform}! Your account balance is $balance.
```

**Variables Detected:**
- `name`
- `platform` 
- `balance`

**Expanded Result:**
```
Hello John, welcome to GitHub! Your account balance is $150.
```

## Hosting on GitHub Pages

1. Create a new repository named `prompt-expander` on GitHub
2. Upload these files to the repository
3. Go to Settings → Pages
4. Select "Deploy from a branch" and choose your main branch
5. Your app will be available at `https://yourusername.github.io/prompt-expander`

## Live Demo

Visit the live application at: `https://yourusername.github.io/prompt-expander`

## Browser Support

Works in all modern browsers that support:
- ES6 Classes
- Async/Await
- Clipboard API (with fallback for older browsers)

## Files

- `index.html` - Main application structure
- `style.css` - Responsive styling and design
- `script.js` - Variable detection and dynamic form functionality
- `README.md` - This documentation
